# Projects-in-Python
This dataset has funding information of the Indian startups from January 2015 to August 2017. Used libraries like Pandas and Matplotlib for results. Tool used here is Jupyter Notebook.
Case Study Questions are as follows-

**Question-1.** Your friend wants to establish the product startup and he is searching for a perfect location where getting the investment has a high chance. But due to its financial restriction, he can choose only between Bangalore, Mumbai, and NCR. Find the location where the most number of funding is done. That means, find the location where startups has received funding maximum number of times. Plot the bar graph between location and number of funding. Check the case-sensitiveness of cities also. For few startups multiple locations are given, one Indian and one Foreign. Consider the startup if any one of the city lies in given locations.

**Question-2** Even after trying for so many times, your friend’s startup could not find the investment. So you decided to take this matter in your hand and try to find the list of investors who probably can invest in your friend’s startup. Your list will increase the chance of your friend startup getting some initial investment by contacting these investors. Find the top 5 investors who have invested maximum number of times (consider repeat investments in one company also). In a startup, multiple investors might have invested. So consider each investor for that startup. Ignore undisclosed investors.

**Question-3** You want to improvise by finding the top 5 investors who have invested in different number of startups. This list will be more helpful than your previous list in finding the investment for your friend startup. Find the top 5 investors who have invested maximum number of times in different companies. That means, if one investor has invested multiple times in one startup, count one for that company. There are many errors in startup names. Just handle the important ones - Ola, Flipkart, Oyo and Paytm.

**Question-4** Since your friend startup is at an early stage startup, the best-suited investment type would be - Seed Funding and Crowdfunding. Find the top 5 investors who have invested in a different number of startups and their investment type is Crowdfunding or Seed Funding. There are many errors in startup names. Ignore correcting all, just handle the important ones - Ola, Flipkart, Oyo and Paytm.

**Question-5** Now you again come as a saviour to help your friend and want to create a list of probable new new investors. Before moving forward you remember your investor friend advice that finding the investors by analysing the investment type. Since your friend startup is not in early phase it is in growth stage so the best-suited investment type is Private Equity. Find the top 5 investors who have invested in a different number of startups and their investment type is Private Equity. There are many errors in startup names. Ignore correcting all, just handle the important ones - Ola, Flipkart, Oyo and Paytm.
